Level 2 and 3 screens can act as touch screens - do not plug in a keyboard or activate them covertly.
You can change the text size on the screens by changing their resolution - run "resolution 40 16" in the shell.
Shooting arrows on touch screens can trigger touch events.
The colors of the items indicate their level: white is the first level, yellow is the second level, and blue is the third level.
Use the Analyzer to get more information about the blocks, for example, to find out why the computer crashed.
Keyboards must be attached to or placed near the screen in order to work.
Did you know that ZentOS is developing a gaming enterprise on the Hilarios(hil.su) project?
Internet cards can be used to make HTTP requests and open raw TCP connections.
If you crafted something by mistake or it is no longer needed, throw it into the disassembler.
Take a look at the built-in code for examples of how to use the API.
Most programs can be interrupted by pressing Ctrl+Alt+C.
Paste the contents of the clipboard using the middle mouse button or a custom key (default: paste).
Computers will consume less power when they are idle, i.e. when os.sleep(n > 0.05) is called.
Screens will consume more power the more illuminated characters they display.
Most blocks act like "cables" - they use relays and power distributors to create separate networks.
Welcome to the dark side - grab some cookies.
Screens can display Unicode - insert special characters or use unicode.char.
Run `help` or `man programname` for in-game help on programs shipped with OpenOS - start with `man man`.
For more help, there is a wiki at https://ocdoc.cil.li/ - or find an IRC loot disk and join #oc.
Computers have a very simple built-in speaker - control it with computer.beep().
Many component methods have short documentation - use `=component.componentName.methodName` in the Lua interpreter to see it.
You can get a list of all connected components with the `components` program.
If you are facing out of memory errors, add more RAM to your computer.
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Did you know that OpenComputers has a forum? No? Now you know: https://oc.cil.li/.
Beware of loops when building networks, otherwise you may get duplicate messages!
Better not open ZentOS code
ZentOS is a redesigned OpenOS, don't swear